h1(#nginx-aac-module). Nginx Audio Track for HLS Streams

Apple HTTP Live Streaming (HLS) has being adopted for almost all video stream players, and one of it's recommendations
is to serve an audio-only track to users that have experiencing bad bandwidth connections.

This module aims to serve audio-only track directly on nginx, without the necessity to pre-demux the stream on VoD cases
or the overhead and occupation of one stream output on the encoder side for live streams.

#TODO improve this section

_This module is not distributed with the Nginx source. See "the installation instructions":installation._


h1(#status). Status

This module is under development. Feedbacks and patches are welcome.


h1(#requirements). Requirements

This module depends from some libraries (headers and shared objects) which has to be installed before it:

* avformat >= 55.0.0 (tested version: 55.0.0) - commonly distributed with "FFmpeg":http://ffmpeg.org
* avcodec >= 55.3.0 (tested version: 55.3.0) - commonly distributed with "FFmpeg":http://ffmpeg.org
* avutil >= 52.10.0 (tested version: 52.10.0) - commonly distributed with "FFmpeg":http://ffmpeg.org

To install FFmpeg from source with the specified versions follow the steps bellow:

<pre>
  git clone git://git.videolan.org/ffmpeg
  cd ffmpeg
  ./configure --prefix=/usr --disable-ffserver --disable-ffplay --enable-shared
  make clean && make
  make install
</pre>


h1(#supported_video_formats). Supported Formats

This module only supports audio extraction from _mpegts_ video chunks to _aac_ audio-only chunks.
Look at project issues to see which other formats are going to be supported in the future.


h1(#installation). Installation

Install the above requirements and follow the steps bellow.

<pre>
    # TODO
</pre>


h1(#basic-configuration). Basic Configuration

<pre>
    # TODO
</pre>


h1(#basic-usage). Basic Usage

<pre>
    # TODO
</pre>


h1(#contributors). Contributors

"People":AUTHORS


